
SPEAKER 2 0:00:00
First of all, thank you for doing a loses interview. Not many people do and we definitely appreciate it. I'm going to kind of get out of the game first and just talk about you real quick because obviously this is a big change for you. I've never seen you play on a different team, you know, you've always been fish 1, 2, 3 into liquid and you've been there since the beginning of time. So how has it been, what's it been like to play on a different team? How different is this to the liquid experience? 
SPEAKER 1 0:00:29
It's for me, like it feels so, it's like completely different. It's like playing a different game almost like It's like a lot of small things that like is so weird to me, especially when I first started playing with like a sendered stuff. It's like learning everyone's voices, learning everyone's call out, learning everyone's like play styles and stuff like all of that stuff. So like alien because I've played with liquid by entire time. Like literally all of like for two years now, well obviously until like June, it was just liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid. All the way through the same sort of people like Chopin-Changer couples. So yeah, I don't know, for me it's been such a weird experience. 
SPEAKER 2 0:01:14
Has it been nice, do you think, for like a change of scenery and obviously the play star of a certain and the protocol is it feels like really different from liquid right? 
SPEAKER 1 0:01:24
Yeah, it's like obviously in liquid not having it in a way it's similar in the terms of like maybe not having that designated ideal in liquid and then coming over now and Starix So it's doing that job and he's not like a born and bred ideal. It's kind of similar in that sense, but then the actual, you know, like he said like the way we play sort of like the way everyone talks the idea and it's self is it's just it's different and I really enjoy it like I feel like this is something that I needed. Obviously hence why the whole the whole thing happened. Yeah, I think I think it's something that you know, I kind of thought was like necessary. 
SPEAKER 2 0:02:06
I got to say some people in my chat were telling me how one of the things that you said that kind of drove you into leaving liquid not the so-called one of the reasons is you want super happy with the role playing smokes and so on. So there's a little bit of surprise to see you playing on the smokes today for a send. So yeah, what's happening? How come you're back with this? 
SPEAKER 1 0:02:26
This was the thing is like a lot of people would say like oh, yeah, I said like the smokes and stuff. But if you watched my part like it was here. No one knows practice. No one knows what we're doing day in day out. But I was actually just perm a breach that only thing I played was breach like when I went on liquid. You know, like when we was having the I don't think I'm not sure what I can't say but in that period where you know we had we had the coach that no one knew Yeah, and stuff like that like during that period I played breach all seven maps except maybe one Maybe I might be in a brimstone or something but yeah all seven maps playing strictly the same way every single map Which in my terms is like Breach stun out for a minute if no one pushes in that minute you then rotate On the retakes most of the times like it's such like a it was such a a one way style of of playing that we was being slowly pushed into and it really like sort Not not made me like super not happy obviously I ended up not being happy with that I didn't even I Don't mind playing breach, you know in a certain place on a certain way, but even playing that sort of style Set in the spawn for a minute straight, you know not having the right fundamentals like the way we were playing Added on top so yeah, it was just really like a Unplusent experience for me at a time but actually playing smokes obviously I played some extra entire You know Practically my entire thing now since way back when I played sage and that was age as a guy like we're talking beta Ever since past that it was like it was mainly smokers and stuff So I don't have a problem playing it is just really dependent on the The style The The because you get like You know you don't always have Freedom it's like big thing is like I'm not trying to say I can't play structured if necessary, but you know when you don't have an IgL Whenever things flying up in the air all the time So you're not even playing structured but you're being forced to play a structured way. It's very like Monotonous yes, it's so difficult like it's so hard to try and explain it is it's such A sticky I feel like one team situation that unfortunately happened because of the roles the player everything just Accumulated into one you know yeah, I mean such a difficult thing 
SPEAKER 2 0:04:55
Definitely not an easy decision for you of course like for any player to Remove themselves from any roster because it is your career, you know, so like So must have been like really difficult for you to do that just to clarify though It wasn't a mill was it that the coach you you spoke of it's not obviously People are gonna think it's not it was not it was not a meal 
SPEAKER 1 0:05:14
I hear from what the sounds of sounds like a a great Step for that team and I'm really happy that they got that way that that's who they you know I've got 
SPEAKER 2 0:05:25
I do want to ask you about the game now for today After map one he was looking pretty good for you guys you know even map two Here and there think things kind of could have definitely gone your way But what happened on fracture so so what what was the what was going on? It felt like that's was kind of just running at you and you got to stop him that's had his way like he he could have been stopped 
SPEAKER 1 0:05:50
I think like an actual term is maybe like and maybe not just yeah That's had four kilos but like you know like in an Actual sort breakdown I feel like they were like first was a comp about we're actually not use a plate So difficult you practice all the time all the time all the time against the same combs not on not because of yourself like You know your team your enemies play the same combs and then you play something that you don't usually play against it so hard to like try and You know figure out and adapt on the fly these are these sort of things But yeah, it it I Feel like it was a very Hard game to just try and like you know you win like we want like a round at the start or something We've been around and they're just straight back on you know their set plays They've got like that's also Of course having like I want to say a life game, but it's not something I'm the guys incredible So you know sometimes the normal yeah, I don't know is it's really difficult to just like try and get our foot through the door You know it's like every time we get there It's just like we just get slapped again like you know So it was so difficult to try and build my mental 
SPEAKER 2 0:06:58
And lastly before I let you go obviously The situation we understand of your involvement intercent is your subming in here You're gonna see how far you can go for LCK and of course if you qualify champions I assume you're gonna be going with them But what what's next after that? What's your plan? What is going on how much information do you know about what's happening next year? What are your kind of goals? 
SPEAKER 1 0:07:20
Well Obviously I also don't really have as much information as many people think for a player About next year you know like a pretty I don't want to say Scary time but it kind of is for like you know like you just said in the other question You know a career it's like a real you know serious career and not knowing what's gonna happen next year is very it's very daunting But yeah, for me anyway obviously Even the scared part aside obviously I want to be able to compete all next year with You know the right the right team obviously here lace and playing with a Send for last chance qualified and if we when we qualify for champions Could we play with champions you know and yeah after that You know stuff stuff will happen that can't speak too much on obviously some Anything to do like contracts or anything you know stuff stuff to do that but yeah Hopefully we'll be able to be back on the server next year in the franchise and then you can stuff out 
SPEAKER 2 0:08:23
All right, thank you so much for your time for condolences what happened today But we'll see you again Street 2 and I don't know if you know this but as send have never lost the G2 ever before 
SPEAKER 1 0:08:32
Well, let's keep that street code because I'm gonna look like the the the the the the reason 
SPEAKER 2 0:08:40
No, you're right you'll be all right Thank you so much for your time for our catch you on the stream next time Thank you have a good one 